Next review iteration (#207)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/security-controls/masking/_index.md

Masking is "kinda anonymisation". It's helpful when the dataset should be shared with untrusted third parties.

Under the hood, AcraServer/AcraTranslator encrypts the data completely, and concatenates a piece of plaintext (defined by `plaintext_length` variable, see below). So the data itself is stored encrypted into AcraStruct/AcraBlock with a tiny chunk of plaintext data.

AcraServer is the only component that provides transparent masking for `INSERT` and `UPDATE` queries and

> transparent de-masking for `SELECT` queries, with per column configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transparent demasking for `SELECT` queries, with per column configuration.
```
